---
title: Return and Revival
date: 2017-09-19 00:19:00 -04:00
author: Ryan W. Moore
layout: post
---

> *"My times are in Your hand;
> Deliver me from the hand of my enemies,
> And from those who persecute me."
>> Psalms 31:15*


Seasons come to pass in all of our lives, the Bible tells us that. What it also tells us is that "Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever." As Rick Warren put it in **The Purpose Driven Life,** "God is real no matter how you feel." I'm going to be honest, college was and is a tough transition. First off, it's lonely. You start of knowing no one. It's a new place with new people, different social norms, and a whole lot of Satan. Obviously, God's word is the ultimate source of comfort in times of isolation. "Turn to me and be gracious to me, for I am lonely and afflicted," (Ps 25:16) prayed David in his time of seeming defeat. Sometimes, it's just tough to be like David. Prayer gets interrupted, you become the minority, and all of a sudden it seems like God is hiding. As Isaiah 45:15 puts it, God will "hide" Himself. In our storms, where God seems to be hiding and nothing seems to be going our way -- take a piece of advice from Jonah during his storm: thank God for the fish. The one, very unlikely and sometimes unpleasant/different saving grace that pulls us out of our times of need. For me, this fish was the Agape Christian Fellowship which leads me to my second point: getting connected. A good way to combat loneliness is simply getting connected. However, this is a simple end to not-so-simple means. God's got a group for you in mind -- not every group labeled "Christian" will work for you. For me, AGF was the fish that didn't seem so bad. Remember, college is spiritually lonely. You have to make connections with other believers before you can start disciplining, otherwise you drain yourself without support. Finally, that brings me to spreading the Gospel. The hardest yet most rewarding part of the college experience is *spreading God's Word to the places that need it most.* To continue off of the example of Jonah, we need to go to Nineveh. And, just like Jonah, I very much was resenting the journey. I've felt alone, abandoned, out of place, and hopeless at times here. It wasn't until I made it less about my work and more about God's that I truly started seeing His plan unfold. Of course, with God's plan -- as always -- there's some challenges we have to face. One of those being the spiritual mountain of the people living around you. Defining yourself as a Child of God and being proud of it; owning God's family name and all the reputation that comes with it. Support is huge for this and ACF, letters from my friends and family, and the inspired Word of God pulled me over this hill to the point of, unbeknownst to me at the time, witnessing to others who needed it. Sharing my story with others tot he point where it made them introspect themselves. 

Anyways, to wrap things up: college is lonely, getting connected is super important, and witnessing to those around you is paramount to your spiritual experience of college. Rochester Institute of Technology, get ready for **Generation Jesus**.